### tuktu.csv.generators.flattening.CsvGenerator
Parses a given CSV file provided a list of locators.

  * **nodes** *(type: array)* `[Optional]`
  - Optionally specify on which nodes to run and how many instances you want on each node.
 
    * **[UNNAMED]** *(type: object)* `[Required]`

      * **type** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
      - The type of node handler, one of SingleNode, SomeNodes, AllNodes (leave empty for local execution)
 
      * **nodes** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
      - The nodes to use for this node handler type
 
      * **instances** *(type: int)* `[Optional]`
      - The amount of instances per node of this handler type
 
  * **result** *(type: string)* `[Required]`

  * **config** *(type: object)* `[Required]`

    * **filename** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
    - The name of the file to read from.
 
    * **value_name** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
    - The value name under which all columns will be added after all locators are parsed, starting with the last parsed column or data_start_col, whichever comes last, and ending with data_end_col, inclusively. Will overwrite locators of the same name.
 
    * **locators** *(type: array)* `[Required]`
    - List of locators, which will map their names to their parsed contents.
 
      * **[UNNAMED]** *(type: object)* `[Required]`

        * **name** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
        - The name under which the content is to be saved.
 
        * **type** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
        - The locator's type, usually one of tuktu.csv.locators.{Column, Row, CellRangeSplitter}.
 
        * **params** *(type: JsObject)* `[Required]`
        - The locator's parameters.
 
    * **flattened** *(type: boolean)* `[Optional]`
    - If true, return a list containing the Map generated by the locators and the value name, otherwise return a list with a map which maps the resultName to that map.
 
    * **data_start_col** *(type: int)* `[Required]`
    - The column from where to start populating value name, but not before all locators are parsed.
 
    * **data_end_col** *(type: int)* `[Optional]`
    - Each row is processed up until this column. Value name is populated with all values up to this end column inclusively, but not before all locators are parsed. Leave empty to always process full rows.
 
    * **end_field** *(type: object)* `[Required]`

      * **column** *(type: int)* `[Required]`
      - The reading process is stopped once a row with the following value is encountered in the given column. That row is not processed.
 
      * **value** *(type: string)* `[Required]`
      - The reading process is stopped once a row with this value is encountered in the column given above. That row is not processed.
 
    * **separator** *(type: string)* `[Optional]`
    - The separator character used in the given CSV file.
 
    * **quote** *(type: string)* `[Optional]`
    - The quote character used in the given CSV file.
 
    * **escape** *(type: string)* `[Optional]`
    - The escape character used in the given CSV file.
 
